the Tiger Street Club meet in a shed in
Ben's garden the children listen to
music and play games one day look at
this it's a new magazine called Tiger
team let's write for it great idea but
we can't we haven't got a computer Hey
look at mrs. Jones's house who's that
man perhaps he's a window cleaner or
perhaps he's a thief let's go find out
the children run to mrs. Jones house yep
the window is open the mine isn't on the
ladder he's in the house Oh No
the thief runs away look he's got mrs.
Jones his laptop he is a thief
stop babe give the laptop back
the thief falls over and rocks the
laptop
haha look a banana that's lucky
stop come with me
look it's a policeman we can take mrs.
Jones her laptop now great come on
look we've got your laptop mrs. Jones
here you are Oh
Thank You children a few days later
here's a present for your club
it's my old computer you can use it now
Wow a computer now we can write for the
Tiger team magazine
thank you mrs. Jones you're very kind